OSDOCS-16950#CQA work for Stor6 - LSO (#115348)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-local-install-cli.adoc

The LSO is not installed in {product-title} by default. Use the following procedure to install and configure this Operator to enable local volumes in your cluster.

.Prerequisites
* Access to an `openshift-local-storage` project.
* Access to the {product-title} command-line interface (CLI).

.Procedure
. Create an object YAML file to define an Operator group and subscription for the LSO, such as `openshift-local-storage.yaml`:
+
.Example openshift-local-storage.yaml
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1
kind: OperatorGroup
metadata:
  name: local-operator-group
  namespace: openshift-local-storage
spec:
  targetNamespaces:
    - openshift-local-storage
---
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: local-storage-operator
  namespace: openshift-local-storage
spec:
  channel: stable
  installPlanApproval: Automatic
  name: local-storage-operator
  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
----
+
`spec.installPlanApproval` is the user approval policy for an install plan.

. Create the LSO object by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f openshift-local-storage.yaml
----
+

> At this point, the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) is now aware of the LSO. A ClusterServiceVersion (CSV) for the Operator should appear in the target namespace, and APIs provided by the Operator should be available for creation.

Reviewer: I know this is existing text. But, the [ISG recommends against "should".](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#s). And maybe strike _At this point_. Sounds weird. 

```suggestion
The Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) is now aware of the LSO. A ClusterServiceVersion (CSV) for the Operator appears in the target namespace, and APIs provided by the Operator should be available for creation.
```
